Caesar Salad Recipe:
1 large or 2 small heads of romaine lettuce
Parmesan cheese, shredded or shaved
Crisp croutons – homemade can be made several days ahead. The recipe below makes enough for 2 salads.

how to?
The crunchy homemade garlic croutons really elevate this salad, making it look and taste quite fancy. The cheese crusted onto each little toast will have you snacking on these croutons!

Cut baguette in half lengthwise and slice into 1/4″ thick pieces and place on baking sheet.
Combine 3 Tbsp extra virgin olive oil with minced garlic. toss breads with garlic infused oil and 2 Tbsp parmesan.
Spread Evenly and Bake to desired crispness.

---------------------------------

Homemade Artisan Bread:
Bread Flour
Instant Yeast
Salt
Water


Mix the dough ingredients together. At first the dough will seem very dry and shaggy and you’ll question if it will even come together. But it will. Use a spatula at first, then switch to your hands to ensure all of the flour is moistened. The dough is actually a little sticky after it’s thoroughly mixed.
Let it rise at room temperature for 2-3 hours. Cover the dough and let it rise at room temperature for about 2-3 hours until doubled in size.
Use right away or refrigerate. After 2-3 hours, you can immediately continue with the next step. However, for ideal flavor and texture, I strongly recommend letting the dough sit in the refrigerator for at least 12 hours and up to 3 days. Yes, 3 full days! I usually only let it rest for about 18 hours. During this crucial step, the cold air slows the fermentation process and adds so much flavor and texture. So, you can bake bread in 2-3 hours or in 3 days. The longer it sits, the better it tastes. 🙂
Shape into 2 loaves or 1 boule. Rest as oven preheats. You can shape the bread into a round loaf (boule) or two longer loaves. I usually make 2 longer loaves side-by-side on a flat baking sheet, about 9×3 inches each. Score with a sharp knife or bread lame. Preheat the oven to a very hot 475°F (246°C). The extremely hot air will immediately set the crust so the bread rises up instead of spreading all over. To help ensure a crispier crust, after the oven pre-heats– pour boiling water into a metal or cast iron baking pan/dish on the bottom oven rack. Immediately place the dough inside and shut the oven door to trap the steam. The steam will help create that coveted crisp crust. If you have a dutch oven, shape the dough into 1 round loaf, and bake it inside the dutch oven with the lid on.
Bake until golden brown, about 20-25 minutes. Gently tap the loaves because if they sound hollow, they’re done.